So far, we've looked at representations that tried to
characterize an entire document or collection of words as one unit.
As a result, the kinds of inferences we can make are also typically at a document level,
mixture of topics in the document,
documents similarity, documents sentiment, et cetera.
For a deeper analysis of text,
we need to come up with a numerical representation for each word.
If you've dealt with categorical variables for
data analysis or tried to perform multi-class classification,
you may have come across this term, One-Hot Encoding.
That is one way of representing words,
treat each word like a class,
assign it a vector that has one in
a single pre-determined position for that word and zero everywhere else.
Looks familiar?
Yeah, it's just like the bag of words idea,
only that we keep a single word in each bag and build a vector for it.